# Write phase space in TOPAS ASCII form

b:Ge/World/Invisible = "TRUE"

s:Ge/VacFilm/Type="TsBox"
s:Ge/VacFilm/Parent="World"
s:Ge/VacFilm/Material="G4_WATER"
d:Ge/VacFilm/HLX=50.0 cm
d:Ge/VacFilm/HLY=50.0 cm
d:Ge/VacFilm/HLZ=1.0 cm
d:Ge/VacFilm/TransX=0. cm
d:Ge/VacFilm/TransY=0. cm
d:Ge/VacFilm/TransZ=0. cm
d:Ge/VacFilm/RotX=0. deg
d:Ge/VacFilm/RotY= 0.0 deg
d:Ge/VacFilm/RotZ=0. deg
s:Ge/VacFilm/Color="skyblue"

s:So/Default/Type = "PhaseSpace"
s:So/Default/PhaseSpaceFileName = "ASCIIOutput"
s:So/Default/Component = "World"
#i:So/Default/PhaseSpaceMultipleUse = 2
#i:So/Default/PhaseSpaceBufferSize = 100
b:So/Default/PhaseSpaceIncludeEmptyHistories = "True"

# Graphics
s:Gr/ViewA/Type = "OpenGL"
i:Gr/ViewA/WindowSizeX = 900
i:Gr/ViewA/WindowSizeY = 900
d:Gr/ViewA/Theta = 55 deg
d:Gr/ViewA/Phi = 20 deg
s:Gr/ViewA/Projection = "Perspective"
d:Gr/ViewA/PerspectiveAngle = 30 deg
u:Gr/ViewA/Zoom = 1.3
b:Gr/ViewA/HiddenLineRemovalForTrajectories = "True"

Ts/ShowHistoryCountAtInterval = 10
Ts/PauseBeforeQuit = "True"
